yes
yes you did
everyone on this field today has at
least one thing in common and I'm not
talking about being ridiculously
good-looking although that is true it
may not all have come with the same
place or have the same destination but
we all hope some of us hope that by
pushing the snooze button just one more
time we won't actually have to wake up
while others dream of inventing the next
Facebook for some the hope is to learn
English and fit into a foreign world
abdelghani for example k me two burly
name high school without knowing a word
of English as a freshman he was a
fighter who was unhappy and
misunderstood but um death had higher
hopes for himself and his refusal to
give up gave him the opportunity to
shine and become one of Berlin games
most spirited and accomplished students
get a dell is not alone in this class
and overcoming great obstacles to
fulfill great hopes and dreams students
have fought back against addiction
where's countless hours to pass out
brother and persevered through difficult
family circumstances to make it to this
dead their stories remind us that you do
not have to have everything to be ever
some of us have not faced the same
challenges as others have had many of us
think they're privileged and blessed to
have supportive parents friends that
always stand behind us and a community
that allows us to fulfill our dreams but
for everything that circumstance chance
divinity or charity has given us we must
now accept responsibility for giving
back to others the hope that has been
given to us if you have everything give
everything give even if you had a little
weather's money time resources or
strength but do not be afraid to ask for
support if there's one thing I've
learned after four years of student
government is that what one person can
accomplish alone is nothing compared to
what people are capable of doing
together few people thought Barack Obama
could become president but he was able
to succeed because he was able to
inspire hope by encouraging every
American to be a part of the solution
even his campaign slogan yes we can
convince us that we're capable of
anything if we work together all our
lives there been a sales to tell us we
cannot or should not do and you can't
tell the other kindergartners the
gingerbread man is it real yes I can
burlingame can't win the pot five years
in a row
miles of 2009 you can't really make a
difference yes we can and we did and we
will on october sixth and seventh of
2008 on this very field over 500
students many of whom you see before you
today came together to raise over a
hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars
for cancer research and prevention at
the relay for life back against disease
the word hope exactly
infectious-disease
the board ho smell that exactly where
you were sitting today guiding our way
through the night this evening our hope
shines in the same place in the eyes of
our family our friends in our classmates
all of you are our hope and we will
never let you go thank you